Mithril update 2024-11-06 (#499)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-11-06-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-11-06-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> The Mithril team worked on the creation of the new distribution pre-release [2445.0-pre](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2445.0-pre). Additionally, they completed the recording of the aggregator metrics in the event store and they implemented stable support for Cardano node v10.1. The team also kept exploring solutions for signer registration when multiple aggregators are running on a Mithril network.
> 
> Finally, they implemented a nightly workflow for checking the backward compatibility with previous distributions in the CI, and they started implementing a new status route in the aggregator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mithril team worked on creating the new distribution pre-release [2445.0-pre](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2445.0-pre). Additionally, they completed recording the aggregator metrics in the event store and implemented stable support for Cardano node v.10.1. The team also kept exploring solutions for signer registration when multiple aggregators are running on a Mithril network.

Finally, they implemented a nightly workflow in the CI to check backward compatibility with previous distributions and started implementing a new status route in the aggregator.
```
